(DOCSP-11333) Display document count in left navigation panel (#22)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-vscode: source/databases-collections.txt

Documents
``````````

> When you expand a collection, that collection's document count is 
> displayed next to the :guilabel:`Documents` item in the left navigation 
> panel.

Reviewer: [nits]
- I think we can use more active voice
- Maybe `label` is a better word than `item`?
- JW brought up in another review that the navigation may not be on the left depending on how you have your VSCode set up.

```suggestion
When you expand a collection, |vsce| displays that collection's document count
next to the :guilabel:`Documents` label in the navigation 
panel.
```

Author: All agreed, good points
